hey what's going on guys so today I'm
gonna be showing you a new glitch on the
map hardhat using knock back mods so
first thing you need to do is copy the
knock-back mods from my ball to yours
and then load them so then you go to
this spot and hard hat and have your
friend shoot you in the head it's going
to launch you into the sky and so
there's going to be linked in the
description on how to copy them from my
ball to yours and so then you run this
way over the car and when I jumped it
with a car for doesn't make any sense
anyway so keep her in this way keep
throwing up I'm kind of fast boarding
this right now so for some reason I was
interested in to the scarf I'm yep but
decided to sit in it yep just sit in it
so to go this way go left then this is
going to be the next jump over here so
once you get over here just aim towards
the sky and have one of your friends
just shoot you in the head and it's
going to launch you into the sky it's
only headshots so you can have your
friend shoot aim towards your head and
it's Phil right there so it's going to
try one my time and then alright once
you get up here you put your tack and
start down just in case you fall off and
then get ready for the next jump so the
next jump is you just aim towards the
sky right here and have your friend
shoot you in the head it's gonna bring
you on to even higher building so after
you get will make sure you take your
attack insert and try not to fall off
after so once you get up here place your
tacit sit down then wait for the other
people to come up and then you're going
to get ready for your next jump this is
going to take you to the highest spot
and hard hat eyes out of the map so the
next jump right here is aimed towards
the sky and then have your friend shoot
you in the head times the next building
up yep there you go so there's a next
jump right there place your tech and
start down and then anyway for everybody
else to come I guess you normally do
this with two people but we decided to
do it like for people i think we're
trying one guy wasn't having pull
so you get over here just like grab your
tie concert then get ready to go to the
next jump jump dumb ready for the next
jump kind of trying to speed this up
right now so all right so you pick up
your tech insert and towards the sky and
he's going to shoot you towards that
building over there so you do the same
exact thing that that guy was doing so
you just aim towards the sky it's going
to launch you up once you get up place
your targets are down and get ready for
the next jump so it's time to go in the
corner and then game towards the sky
once again and you just have your friend
shoot you in the head and then you put
your tech and start down one more time
and there's gonna be I think two more
jumps and the jumps it's going to be
really hard to do takes like five or six
tries at least so once you get up here
and towards the sky and then have your
friend shoot you in the head it's going
to bring you up there it's kind of
surprising that none of these buildings
have def barrier on them or anything so
then you just shoot yep have your friend
to shoot you in the head and so once you
get up there it's going to be one more
shot gun jump somehow to wait for
everybody to get up so there's going to
be one more shot gun jump and then
you'll be on the highest building on the
map hard hat so I had a big pick up my
tech and set right there so make sure
you take your tech insert and trying to
fall off the building so this this guy
right here is going to take like five or
six tries to get up because you got to
waste all your bullets and shooting in
the person in the head it's a really hot
jump that's why so once you get up like
that he's even trying here he's gonna
hit me right there and then as you're in
there just put your targets are down and
this is the high spot on the map our
debt and so please come right and
subscribe i'm going to be posting some
more video
us right piece
you